In this lesson, we're going to learn how to communicate with our customer accurately
The goals for this lesson are going to be planning considering priorities and also understanding the
concept off milestones. So let's talk about how to plan considering priorities
Remember that we previously played planning poker with our customer, and the total time of
the estimates that it was going to take us to produce all the user stories was going to be 300 days
300 days is a very long time in work days. Remember that every year has 200 work days about
200 and 220 work days. So if you consider that 300 days would be over a year for a project. Now
our customer doesn't always have a year to wait for the completion of a project.
In this case, you go and you talk to your customer.
In the example we have that we talked to the customer and we tell the customer, Hey, we estimated
300 days, but the customer says, hey, listen, I don't think I have 300 days.
I was actually thinking about having the project down in 90 days, so 300 days, 90 days?
The difference is abysmal. It is a very big difference.
So what do you do in this situation? And do you start cutting down on the number of user stories or
that you start hiring other software developers to help you with the process?
What do you do when you have a very different estimate from what your customer is expecting?
Imagine that you told your customer that you have that your estimate is 300 days and the customer wants
you to the everything in 90 days. Well, in that case, you're going to have to
cut ah down on the number of user stories and you're gonna have to go back and prioritize those
stories with your client. It is very important that you make your client responsible for selecting
the most relevant user stories. It is your customers decision.
This is a very good way to ensure that your customer will be happy with the end
product because you are involving her in the decision making process.
The way to do this is that you should have a meeting with your client and you lay out all the user stories
on the table and you ask her about the order of your priorities, the order of the user stories that
you are going to end up coding later on. Now your customer has now made a decision.
Perhaps with a little help from you, you're gonna Something important is that you tell your customer
which user stories are the most important. And then once you have a good number of user stories or
you have selected the user stories that you will work on, then you continue and you take those use
their stories because those user stories will be apart off your milestone 1.0.
Now, I have just mentioned a milestone, and this is another concept that we're going to learn.
The concept off a milestone is a major release. This is the time when you have ah
lot of user stories. You have already gone through borderless two or three different iterations, and
what do you need to do is you have to put all of those together and release your
software. This is very important. It is a very important part of the process, and it is different
from iterations. Iterations are smaller cycles, these are more or less one month long cycles that
you will put together in order to create a milestone.
Now, when you're delivering your software, you definitely expect to get paid for that software.
So iterations and a milestone are very different.
Also because iteration normally and with your customers feedback.
so putting together all the feedback that you are getting from your customer after
doing those iterations, you are going to form a milestone, and that's when you're going to deliver
software to your customer. A milestone is all about delivering software with baseline functionality
Something that is very important is that you don't, you try to avoid including any sort of fantasy functions
Instead, you should focus on delivering software that will cover just the baseline functionality.
Now is not the time to include any fancy functions.
Now is the time to focus on delivering baseline functionality.
This is the end of this lesson, and I will see you in the next class where we're going to review the concepts we have covered so far.